Here is the list of YCSB improments made by Thumbtack Technology.

Upgrade of MongoDB client

We upgraded the MongoDB driver from version 2.8.0 (appeared before 
Mongo 2.2 release) to version 2.10.1 and allow the readPreference
(http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/applications/replication/#read-preference) 
to be set as a configuration.
Also, now all the write errors are printed to stderr.

New configuration properties
  mongodb.readPreference = primary|primaryPreferred|secondary|secondaryPreferred

Improvements of Aerospike client

We added ability to display operations result code in more details: 
no only success or erroneous, but displaying the actual error type.

Throttling improvements

YCSB allows to limit the throughput, but uses the average throughput for 
the whole time of the experiment. It causes the throughput peaks after 
downfalls in failover tests. We modified YCSB to keep the desired throughput 
on the same level, without peaks, by throttling based on the average throughput 
on the last 100 ms.

Output improvements

Print current statistics to stderr every 2 secs instead of 10 secs
Print intermediate statistics (identical to final) to stdout in every 
configured time interval. To avoid stats loss on YCSB hang or crash
Print final statistics on YCSB process shutdown

New configuration properties
  exportmeasurementsinterval: interval time for exporting measurements in out 
      stream in milliseconds (default: 1000)

Warm-up

Allow to do some number of operations before gathering statistics, to warm-up 
the database. The length of warm-up can be limited by the number of operations 
or by the time period.

New configuration properties
  warmupoperationcount: number of operations in warmup phase, 
      if zero then don't warmup (default: 0)
  warmupexecutiontime: execution time of warmup phase in milliseconds, 
      if zero then don't warmup (default: 0)

Field name

By default YCSB names the database record fields as “field” + a number. 
The new configuration option allows to replace the “field” prefix with 
something shorter which affects the data storage size for schema-less databases.

New configuration properties
  fieldnameprefix: string prefix for the field name (default: “field”)

Retries

Added ability to retry failed operations. The max number of retries is limited. 
The total number of retries is counted. The retries are done within the same 
operation, so they doesn’t affect the number of operations, but increases 
the latency of the operation. The retries can be done with delays between them.
Original YCSB stops on error on insert, now it’s possible to retry the insert.

New configuration properties
  readretrycount: number of retries if read fails, 
      if zero then don't retry (default: 0)
  updateretrycount: number of retries if update fails, 
      if zero then don't retry (default: 0)
  insertretrycount: number of retries if insert fails, 
      if zero then don't retry (default: 0)
  retrydelay: delay between retries in milliseconds (default: 0)

Inserts with errors

The new configuration option was added to allow errors on inserts.
Usually YCSB stops when any operation fails on load phase. But now it’s possible 
to ignore such errors and continue inserting. This can be useful for MongoDB, 
for example, to rerun the load phase without clearing the data.

New configuration properties
  ignoreinserterrors: set to true to activate the new feature
  
Upgrade of Couchbase client

We upgraded the Couchbase driver from version 1.1-dp2 to 1.1.0 and Spymemcached
driver from version 2.8.4 to 2.8.9 and allow the replicateTo
(http://www.couchbase.com/autodocs/couchbase-java-client-1.1.0/com/couchbase/client/CouchbaseClient.html#replace(java.lang.String, int, java.lang.String, net.spy.memcached.PersistTo, net.spy.memcached.ReplicateTo)) 
to be set as a configuration.

New configuration properties
  couchbase.replicateTo = ZERO|ONE|TWO|THREE

